I thought you had a secret weapon
I didn't expect it to be such a gadget
Are you trying to kill us?
Hahahaha
Make a fool of yourself
clown
Ignorant ancients
Deng Qiang, let me call you
Do you dare to promise?
Don't say a word
What am I afraid of?
OK
Grandpa Deng Qiang is here
What is this?
How could it glow so brightly?
This is a mobile phone.
Also known as Swallowing God Machine
It has a function of sucking people's souls
I called you just now
You answered
Now your soul has been burned by him
Nonsense
Don't be deceived by his nonsense
I have walked the rivers and lakes for half my life
Never heard of a cell phone winch
I almost let you assist me again
Hold this for me
I'm going to take his legs off
Slow down. What are you looking at?
you